README.md, before:

# TILBit

Retain the information you consume. Think deeply about things you learn.

## Assumptions

- Quality of information is more important then quantity.
- You can only retain quality information by reflecting on it periodically.
- Timing of information is very important, but hard to pin down. The best we can do is to trigger recall often and hope it's relevant.

## Features

- Quickly add thoughts throught the command line. Supports in-line JSON metadata.
- Parse highlights done on a Kindle (via "My Clippings.txt" file)
- Support for a custom Markdown file format for TILs from one source.

## Suggestions for use

- Do not fill your database with quotes from random sources. Only add things that really spoke to you.
- Focus on your own learnings, rather than "inspiration". The goal is to make you think about the media you consume and consciously learn from it.
- Do not drown yourself with recall. Aim for one item per hour *at most*. Think about the item for *at least* 30 seconds.
- Focus in "write" rather than "read", especially in the beginning. You're instinct will be to be a consumer of data, we want to transform ourselves into being able to think crititally about what we are consuming and thinking about it deeply.
- A negative result is a result. If you haven't learned anything worthwhile, think about how you got to that particular item. What made you want to read it? How did it draw you in.


## Temporary database migration plan to be removed.

I want to transition the tool to have a permanent local database of items. This is general has a lot of strong points, mostly relating to how data can be queried without re-inventing the wheel.

The only downside is that some items, like kindle clippings, will have to be imported selectively into the databse since we don't want to duplicate stuff and want to keep them as one file. Still, we can generate a hash from the content and check against that.

I want to do this in a very non-breaking and small steps approach so the tentative plan is to:
- keep the source approach for now
- implement and test the db handlers and all the db as a new source
- implement importers that will wrap current parsers
- the db will be an in-memory database for the time being that runs importers on each run
- this will allow for gradual testing and moving to a new approach
- at some point, I will just move the sqlite from in-memory to a file and cut down on the overhead

Commit message:

Move current methods into a common LocalSourcesRepository
The methods that were moved were working on a passed in array of Tilbit
objects. This was a smell that they should be working on a struct that
has these arrays already loaded. It simplified the code and the tests.

It also makes it possible to start working on an implementation of
another repository object for SQLite which will have the same Repository
interface and be able to switch them pretty easily, compare their
results etc.

Ultimately, the LocalSourcesRepository type will be removed from the
source code.

As part of the refactoring, the `sources` command was removed since it
was mostly used for debugging purposes and is no longer useful.

README.md, after:

# TILBit

Retain the information you consume. Think deeply about things you learn.

## Assumptions

- Quality of information is more important then quantity.
- You can only retain quality information by reflecting on it periodically.
- Timing of information is very important, but hard to pin down. The best we can do is to trigger recall often and hope it's relevant.

## Features

- Quickly add thoughts throught the command line. Supports in-line JSON metadata.
- Parse highlights done on a Kindle (via "My Clippings.txt" file)
- Support for a custom Markdown file format for TILs from one source.

## Suggestions for use

- Do not fill your database with quotes from random sources. Only add things that really spoke to you.
- Focus on your own learnings, rather than "inspiration". The goal is to make you think about the media you consume and consciously learn from it.
- Do not drown yourself with recall. Aim for one item per hour *at most*. Think about the item for *at least* 30 seconds.
- Focus in "write" rather than "read", especially in the beginning. You're instinct will be to be a consumer of data, we want to transform ourselves into being able to think crititally about what we are consuming and thinking about it deeply.
- A negative result is a result. If you haven't learned anything worthwhile, think about how you got to that particular item. What made you want to read it? How did it draw you in.


## Temporary database migration plan - to be removed.

I want to transition the tool to have a permanent local database of items. This is general has a lot of strong points, mostly relating to how data can be queried without re-inventing the wheel.

The only downside is that some items, like kindle clippings, will have to be imported selectively into the databse since we don't want to duplicate stuff and want to keep them as one file. Still, we can generate a hash from the content and check against that.

I want to do this in a very non-breaking and small steps approach so the tentative plan is to:
- keep the source approach for now
- refactor the current sources into a new repository struct
- implement and test the db handlers and all the db as a new alternative repository
- implement importers that will wrap current parsers
- the db will be an in-memory database for the time being that runs importers on each run
- this will allow for gradual testing and moving to a new approach
- at some point, I will just move the sqlite from in-memory to a file and cut down on the overhead
